Data Path Port configuration support (#1509)
docker/cli: docs/reference/commandline/swarm_init.md

      --availability string             Availability of the node ("active"|"pause"|"drain") (default "active")
      --cert-expiry duration            Validity period for node certificates (ns|us|ms|s|m|h) (default 2160h0m0s)
      --data-path-addr string           Address or interface to use for data path traffic (format: <ip|interface>)

>       --data-path-port uint32           Data path port number used for data path traffic

Reviewer: Oh! Thanks I missed that one, thought it was updated 😅

      --max-snapshots uint              Number of additional Raft snapshots to retain
      --snapshot-interval uint          Number of log entries between Raft snapshots (default 10000)
      --task-history-limit int          Task history retention limit (default 5)

>       --data-path-port uint             Data path port number

Reviewer: Could you move this up; below `--data-path-addr`? The cli sorts this alphabetically in the output.

This will also have to be updated to match the actual output (if you make my other suggested changes for the flag description)

If unspecified, Docker will use the same IP address or interface that is used for the
advertise address.

### `--data-path-port`

> This flag specifies data path port number to use for data path traffic (1024 - 49151).

Reviewer: Looking at this again, perhaps it's better to leave out the `--data-path-addr` option, otherwise we'll have to explain here that `--data-path-addr` only applies to the node that you're connected with, and not for the whole cluster (wheras `--data-path-port` is a cluster-wide configuration).

I tried rewriting it a bit; let me know if you like this suggestion (**note** I had to indent the suggestion below, due to the nested ` ``` ` );

```suggestion
	This flag allows you to configure the UDP port number to use for data path
	traffic. The provided port nummer must be within the 1024 - 49151 range. If
	this flag is not set or is set to 0, the default port (4789) is used.

	The data path port can only be configured when initializing the swarm, and
	applies to all nodes that join the swarm.

	The following example initializes a new Swarm, and configures the data path
	port to UDP port 7777;

	```bash
	docker swarm init --data-path-addr=20.20.20.1 --data-path-port=7777
	```

	After the swarm is initialized, use the `docker info` command to verify that
	the port is configured:

	```bash
	docker info

	...
	ClusterID: 9vs5ygs0gguyyec4iqf2314c0
	Managers: 1
	Nodes: 1
	Data Path Port: 7777
	...
	```
```

Author: did small corrections and update it. Pls check it out.

This flag sets up task history retention limit.

### `--data-path-port`

> This flag specifies data path port number.

Reviewer: This doesn't provide a lot of information beyond the flag name itself. Perhaps you can write a bit more about what the purpose is of this flag, and in which case you'd want to set this option. I guess we also want to mention;

- (as mentioned above) why set this option?
- The default (if this option is not set)
- That this is used for the whole swarm (i.e., it's not configurable _per node_)
- That it's an UDP port
- Valid port range
- That it can only be set when initializing the swam. Updating is not (yet?) supported

If you need help phrasing; can you reach out to @ahh-docker ?

> Format example is `--data-path-port 4789`

Reviewer: This example isn't very useful, because this is the default port; also, we may want to show a full example, and show how to check the port that is used;

```
docker swarm init --advertise-addr=xxx --data-path-addr=yyy --data-path-port=zzz

# output of the command
```

Then check the output of `docker info` to verify;

```
docker info --format='{{.Something.Something}}'
4789
```
